Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Tuesday, January the
27th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report. My name is Anmarie Band and we
are taking a look at the E- Mini S&P on
the Trendpider platform with Gamma Flows
from MenthQ yesterday. Two of our
triggers broke out. One occurred
right at the open and actually they
occurred right after the open. big
breakout area. What we were staring down
clearly initiating long action as the
dip was incredibly minor. Have a peek.
Look at the wick. Remember if and then.
So if it breaks the line and we pull
back and hold then we take the long and
we move forward. So remember with the
AND event, you always want to look for
old resistance that becomes new support
and we jam it up into the top today.
Continued selling the first 30 minutes a
little rangebound. Looks like maybe it
took almost 2 hours to resolve to the
north at which point the test if there
it breaks and see the shallow pullback
then we go long. So it's been long in
the overnight.
Now we're in heavy congestion again. So,
I was talking with some friends, uh, and
I'm I'm here in Tampa helping out with
some
[sighs]
glitches that occurred with, um, my
daughter being trapped in the Dallas
airport for 3 days. So, uh, forgive me
for being late, first of all. Now what
we're seeing is as I was talking to some
folks they were talking about this carry
trade and the bonds
uh with the yields the yields are really
rising very very sharply remember it's
the carry trade and a carry trade means
you borrow from A and you go over to B
where it makes money with the money you
borrow just like you might if you say
hey I want to open up a business you go
to the bank you borrow a couple million
bucks that couple million bucks, you
expect for it to return an additional
dividend. That's the same thing with the
carry trade, only they're doing it with
one currency to another. As the yields
continue to rise, the bond guys are in
trouble. The trade is continuing to
unwind, but it's not unwinding fast
enough. So, I think a lot of these
traders have gotten in the short and
then gotten run over. So, where is the
call wall? 7,000. We breached it. No
problem. All of this inventory here, old
resistance at 693.
That's our first line in the sand for a
buy zone. Does it give us any trouble?
Sorry about that. Does it give us any
trouble? Well, could give us trouble for
being a long because of this trend. But
remember what we can do is consider
taking the bounce and then watching to
see if it gets up over the call wall. If
it doesn't, it becomes an if and
then and it's the look below and go.
Right now it's holding it pretty
cleanly. That's a line in the sand. I
can't put an alert on it because we're
sitting right on the line. That alert's
going to go off. But notice 69.95.
First line in the sand for buyers.
Second line in the sand for the buyers
will be the 30 minute opening range high
low. Now Amory, why are you saying that?
Well,
one, there's a fair bit of support and
resistance to identify there. So 69.82
seems fair. However, we could have a pit
stop right around 69.89. 89 depending on
what the level of buying to get out of
the market looks like. Remember
selling? Here's a question I asked the
other day and some folks had um an
interesting time with it. I said, "If we
have a number of shorts
and the market is going up, who is going
to be compelled to buy at any time?" And
that's going to be the shorts. The
shorts are compelled to buy because
they're losing money if they don't.
Okay? So, that compelling is potentially
going to keep driving prices higher.
They've just gotten in front and now
this is an elongated squeeze of some
sort. Okay, so here we are. That's the
line 69.82, otherwise 6975.
What's on the top of this? Well, let's
clone the chart.
And if we clone the chart, we're going
to see
7,
20. That's our next line in the sand.
Here is a clear supply zone.
And so, let's try the midpoint of that
area. Right. Let's Oh, crud sickles.
Let's see what the midpoint looks like.
7013. Let me change it. It's locking to
the grid.
So my eyeballs say 701350.
All right. [clears throat]
So here we have that. We have this uh
move upward.
Um what are we looking at? Yeah. So
that's what we're staring down. 7020.
Beyond that, simply replicate your
rectangle and move it to the upside
because this is inventory accumulation
to be sure. If not, it breaks down. And
interestingly enough, I would suspect
that this box is just about the right
size. There we go. Falls right into our
first line in the sand for a
breakthrough at 6982.
We're going to have a short
event this morning. I'm just going to go
over a couple of them. You know, the
broad market follows in tandem. What's
the trend? Up. We broke this at the
beginning of the day and then just
moved. Today, the put wall is 25,825.
That seems a little odd. However, it's
also the value area high and
it's the anchored VWAP. So, let's take
the lead from the market
and draw an alert right around that
area.
Let's give it a little bit of width.
So, what do we want it to see? Let's
trigger it twice just in case.
That's the ideal pullback zone. It's
also the base of the first 30 minute
candlestick formation. Again, it takes
about two hours to resolve over that
zone and then it becomes clear
breakaway. There's another line of
support,
a small area of
uh supply that was just absolutely run
over. We can see they're building
inventory again. Where is that inventory
top? 26,045.
That was our measured event from last
time.
What do I want to do? I would say that
this 25,936
is
an important line to watch for
consolidation
uh support or a fail into the lower
edges. There's a lot of demand here.
There's a lot of activity sitting in
this formation. So, I think that this
area at 25,936
proves itself as motion. Now, where's
the breakout?
29,645.
That is a clear breakaway formation in
my mind
because we are moving by time and not
price. We're in consolidation mode.
And so, distribution, what do you know?
It's going to put us into the one day
max from enter Q. And that's up at
26,138.
[clears throat]
Okay.
Do we want that? Let's do a big fat
round number. Let's first of all, let's
change it to 150
round number. And then let's create an
alert.
Upward pressure flow. A lot of people
thinking the market ought to pull back,
but it simply is not.
And so we have to realize that there is
I have to ask the guys at Topstep
whether open interest is rising or
falling. I have not checked it. I would
suspect that it's falling simply because
I think this is a short squeeze, but we
shall see. [clears throat]
So higher edge 26,150. If we break down
below the put wall and the call wall is
still 26,000 where we're battling right
now, the range that the option sellers
will make money is between 26,000 and
25,800
plus or minus whatever it is they
collected. Right? [snorts] So that
inventory event is certainly something
that we're staring down. If per happen
stance, we break through that area which
also happens to be
um
old support we're going to move into the
area that gives us the VWAP and the
point of control very close to each
other. And that number is 25,725.
You know
that that's a good zone to say, hey,
what what what gives? Old resistance,
new support. We'll put an alert there
for grins. We know this number pretty
well. 25,750
give or take. [snorts]
Um,
it is what it is. Uh,
hang on two seconds.
Okay.
All right.
Let's get to silver very quickly.
Oh shucks. Well, we're here. I'll do it
after. So, look at what happened to
silver yesterday. I could see the short,
you know, I was on group coaching and I
could see this short building and I
wanted to take it so badly
and I'm very upset with myself that I
didn't, but it was absolutely beautiful
textbook
short.
a look above and fail. It was It was
fantastic. So, big collapse monster
group of supply zone here. And so, we're
going to look at value area.
No. Yes. Value area high at 117,000.
That's the next break.
I would not be surprised if you know the
stuff that Rick Rule said yesterday is
starting to permeate and there are more
people getting involved.
So
let's see if we double top here. Let's
see if we double top. Is silver a buy
over the long haul? Yes, it is. Deep
dips that fall below 100, below 80,
below 70, I think they're all screaming
buys in the long run. Screaming buys. I
think we are moving through a monster
commodity cycle
and we'll see you know over time who's
who's right or who's wrong. All right.
So I am going to delete this rectangle
but this rectangle here
now shows us our inventory accumulation.
It's a little bit bigger, little bit
wider
coming into the range. So 110
109 this is the fight zone. Now to be
clear remember how these [clears throat]
excuse me remember how these price
actions behave down at these support
zones. They or or resistance zones they
break out. They pull back. They make a
higher low and then they go for the
fences. All right. Sometimes it takes
one candle. Sometimes it takes three
candles, but the story remains the same.
They break out, retrace, and then break
out again. So, that's what we're going
to stare down. If they're going to break
out, that's what's going to happen. And
so, this line in the sand for our trend
is right around here. And it looks like
we've broken down below it. So my
thought would be if we have a look below
and go, it would be if we break 110 and
we bounce and fail to get above 112,
we've got ourselves a potential short
once it loses 110 again. Okay, so that
is the story board there. I'm going to
be looking at 111,500
to see if it holds above that area.
Trend is up. We're sitting above the
VWAP. Momentum is high. You don't want
to get in front of this short because I
think a lot of people are trying to
short it. Okay, so next line in the sand
would be that 106. Look at how nicely it
came into all our levels.
Just truly fantastic.
Absolutely fantastic.
Came down into this zone. That'll be the
first one we break if there's real
trouble. Remember, it breaks and then it
heads to a higher low and then moves up
to the north. That's what we're staring
down. 30 minute opening candlestick
formation. Also a 4hour event, 2-hour
event, excuse me. So, this box right
here, what I'm going to do is remove
this alert. And then I'm going to remove
the ray that caused the alert.
And then
I leave it because we tested it in the
pre-market low.
So it's a number to watch 104,285.
But then the next supply zone is right
there at 100,000. Also value area low.
We want to watch for that.
Oh, shucks. I labeled both of those
three. Okay, so that's what we're
staring down. Should it go above 117,
the call wall is now 120
and then above that for the max 124.
Let's look at Micro Bitcoin
continues to dance around this key area
of resistance slash support.
I'm going to remove this alert. I'm also
going to remove the ray
and the line.
I'm going to add a new line that is up
here at 88,800.
That's the squishy spot. That's the
region we want to see the price action
break to the north if per happen stance
we have upside pressure. Notice what are
they doing here? Building inventory.
How wide is the inventory build? Almost
almost 2,000. We could say it's 1,800 or
so from the top of the range. And so
what can we do? We want to clone it for
downside pressure. Takes it to the
85,000
area which is still in
gauged. And then
let's move it to the upside.
90,000 [clears throat]
and that is 90,600
on the top edge. But we know this zone.
We know it very very well. 91,000. So
we've got sticky bits all the way up
there.
This line has been tested 91,300.
Callwall back up at 95,000.
But the max line is at 94,000. Put wall
below at 84
and [clears throat] uh that's a zero DTE
put wall. The regular put wall has
dropped to 78,000.
They are hedging for a breakdown. All
the earnings events that start coming
across the wires now going to be
supremely
important. Supremely important. Look at
how different gold looks as we move to
the gold chart. Look at how different
the gold chart looks than the silver
chart. Gold did break down, but it's in
a gigantic box of inventory. So, what do
we want to do? We want to remove the
alert. And then we want to create a new
alert at that area. That area is right
around 5,020,
give or take $10.
We'll leave this one to trigger three
times in case we have the higher support
zone that tested. Whoops. I don't want
to do that. I want to remove this alert.
That's 5,070 is where this one was
sitting.
I believe that that is still a solid
line
of interest looking through this zone.
50 uh 5,060
570 something like that. And then our
breakaway line is going to sit at
$5,125.
That is also
the value area high.
Very very interesting. Call wall shifted
up to 5200.
Measured move event still gives us the
top of the box. I like looking at this.
Here's the reason.
My eyeballs tell me yes. See the the
measured move down and here's the
measured move up.
So that my friends is what we are
staring down. 5150 big fat round number.
Interesting days ahead.
Big gap. Whoa. This is interesting. Also
big gap up $695.
We need that alert. If we hold $695,
very likely that we move to $698.
[snorts]
inventory in a pre-market action
holding 691 to 692
and then a brand new zone of support
showing up at 694. As long as we stay
above 694, we've got ourselves
bullish action.
The break of 694 moves us back into the
range. So now we look for the levers 693
691 and so on and so forth. All right.
So that is what we are staring down.
This alert for the breakaway triggered
yesterday at 691.
Beautiful price action folks. Old
resistance, new support. Follow along.
It is very straightforward to trade at
this time. As long as you're not reading
the news, as long as you're not thinking
about any kind of crazy, remember if
it looks above and then pulls back and
and recovers, you've got the the move,
right? If and then and so we can see it
moves right out on the 30 minute. We
might have to collapse to a five.
[clears throat and cough]
That shows how that breakaway. Let's go
to the 15. It's much easier how that
breakaway occurred for yesterday. There
it was. Whoa, that even moved through on
a 15. So, what happens when you do that?
Let's say you're looking for a 15-minute
breakaway and you expect it to come back
and test
and then go. What happens when you break
out here? Well, you can do two things.
One, measure 50% of that wave or look at
your alert bar and make that your stop.
Make that your stop. If you're
uncomfortable with that and you like the
same stop that you have, cut your
position in half. If you can't do that,
wait for price action to stabilize above
the breakaway line and then go long. And
that means, am I making higher low,
higher high? Yes. Am I making low,
higher high? Not here, but here. Yes.
So, this becomes your floor. and the
very next candlestick, you put a buy
order out for the breakaway candle high.
And that's how you get into that trade.
Rewind that. It's an important piece of
information. Okay, everybody. That's it
for me. Take care and I'll see you on
the streams.